Revise README for CCPE extensions and usage instructions (#2)
Lumi-supercomputer/ccpe-extensions: README.md

# CCPE Extensions
This repository provides a workflow for building containers directly on LUMI to create custom environments for jobs on the LUMI supercomputer. This approach is intended to serve advanced users who want full control over their environment, for example, to build a container that contains both AI and classical HPC software, and who are familiar with building containers.
> [!WARNING]  
> The recipes may require changes after every system upgrade. This repository is not part of the official LUMI documentation and will therefore not be updated as frequently as the documentation and the LUMI software stack.

The presented workflow uses a [container with the Cray Programming Environment (CPE)](/input/base.def) as a starting point. You can build your custom environment on top by defining your own `.def` file or using the [included examples](/input).

## Building instructions
1. Clone this repository to LUMI:
   
    `git clone https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/ccpe-extensions.git`
   
2. Specify your LUMI project in the [`compile_launch.sh`](https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/ccpe-extensions/blob/main/compile_launch.sh) script.

> 3. (Optional) Define your custom `.def` file(s). The script builds the `base.def` image first and then builds the enumerated `.def` files one by one. If you define custom containers, the same naming convention must be followed (for example by naming your def file `01-custom-environment.def`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Define your custom `.def` file(s). The script builds the `base.def` image first and then builds the enumerated `.def` files one by one. If you define custom containers, the same naming convention must be followed (for example by naming your def file `01-custom-environment.def`). You can use the provided examples as basis and/or inspiration for your own `.def`. The purpose of this method is to allow you to use cray compilers and libraries in building your software inside the containers. If you look at the example `.def`, you can notice that to build the software in this container we load PrgEnv-gnu module. it is possible to load PrgEnv-cray instead. Be consistent in all the steps of the build, if you mix gnu with cray, you can run into issues (e.g. 2 different versions of cray mpich linked, which makes the mpi broken). Remove extra not-needed `.def`. Do not modify the `base.def`.
```

4. Launch the [`compile_launch.sh`](https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/ccpe-extensions/blob/main/compile_launch.sh) script:\
   
    `sbatch compile_launch.sh`
   
The launched script will check which `.def` files are new or have been changed and will build the corresponding containers in an `output` directory. It will skip the building process if a container has already been built and the corresponding `.def` file is unchanged.

## Launching containers
Launch the built containers with the included [`run-singularity`](https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/ccpe-extensions/blob/main/bin/run-singularity) script, for example:

    ./bin/run-singularity output/01-python.sif bash
    

> This will ensure that all bindings are set correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is important to ensure that all bindings are set correctly.**
```
